Heavy rain and dawn,
What's wrong? Mom, you turned Ah Shan into our father last night.
OK. your dad,
It’s time to eat. Stop it,
The most serious thing is going to happen to you. I also want to talk to you,
Please click later. No future.
First of all, it’s hard for me too. I don’t want to owe anything to Taobao.
What I did last night was purely for you.
What do you mean, you don't have to stay.
At night, you are a man.
You won't suffer either. life and a half,
You are so casual when it comes to feelings. yes
So these days
Who can imagine me here?
Who would have imagined that I am a good man?
I don't agree
I don't agree with you being so casual
treat our feelings
I really am you
What does it feel like? Is that right?
What about you?
What else?
It was shameful then
Destroying materials is even more hateful
The small shoulders are quite right, Chunfei, I know
You were harmed by the minister Dayong
But you are not easy to be a gang either
Kill all the men
You may have true love